## The fifth meeting &nbsp;&nbsp;  2021/11/13   &nbsp;&nbsp; 17:00 - 18ï¼š00


#### In this week, team members have done:
* implement the most basic overlapped nodes
* <br/>
![overlap implementation](../images/overlap.png)
* a new design for layout
* <br/>
![new-design](../images/new_design.png)
* Report division


#### Task:
*  code implementation
*  more better design of the graph
*  report
