## The sixth meeting &nbsp;&nbsp;  2021/11/20   &nbsp;&nbsp; 17:00 - 18ï¼š00


#### In this week, team members have done:
* several kinds of designs


![design_overlap] (https://github.com/Junyu-Liu-Nate/GRPTeam202103/blob/main/Meeting%20record/images/design_overlap.jpg)
![color] (https://github.com/Junyu-Liu-Nate/GRPTeam202103/blob/main/Meeting%20record/images/color.png)
![game] (https://github.com/Junyu-Liu-Nate/GRPTeam202103/blob/main/Meeting%20record/images/game.png)
![train rail] (https://github.com/Junyu-Liu-Nate/GRPTeam202103/blob/main/Meeting%20record/images/train_rail.png)

* Interin report draft  
![report_draft] (https://github.com/Junyu-Liu-Nate/GRPTeam202103/blob/main/Meeting%20record/images/report_draft.png)

* Code programming

#### Task:
*  code implementation
*  more better design of the graph
*  Interim report
